[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: In our
last few minutes together,
I'm going to walk you through exercise 11.
So, you can close down 10.html.
I already provided for
you 11.html and 11.server.
Both of them need to have a couple
of little additions to them.
Let's do the server first.
The first thing the server
needs to have added to it,
is that we need to listen.
Sorry.
We need to listen for the messages
that are going to come in from, so let's
see what that message is gonna be called.
I'm gonna do .emit where's
that emit message?
Okay, it's gonna be called signal.
So I'm gonna be receiving a signal
message from a client and
I need to broadcast that
back to the other guy.
All right.
So all I really need to do
is say socket.on signal.
I'm going to receive
a message from the client and
I need to broadcast it to
the other connected client.
That's it.
I don't need to do anything about knowing
what the kind of message is or whatever.
I'm just a dumb relay client.
I'm just sending the messages back and
forth.
Let me check one thing just to make sure
that broadcast is gonna be the correct
way to do it.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yep, that's it.
Socket.broadcast.emit signal.
Okay.
I've already written the other code that
handles establishing a direct connection.
So that they're in the same channel
together there's some extra complexity
there you don't need to worry about.
But this is all that we really need to
do is listen for the signal event and
broadcast that message
back to the other guy.
That's really all we need
to do on the server side.
On the client side,
the only thing that I want you,
that I was gonna have you do by yourself,
but I'll just kind of walk you through.
Is we've got all these things set up that,
these are all just kind of general
utilities for sending information like
sending the offer and sending the answer.
This is the code that a client or
a call or a receiver will use but
really all we need to implement right
down here is the flow control and
we're gonna a sequence, so it's easy
to express but we need to implement
the flow control for the caller and
the flow control for the receiver.
Okay so
let me open up 11.HTML which I already
have implemented in the solutions folder.
>> Kyle Simpson: All right,
so the first step that we need to do
Is we need to obtain the media stream.
This is a program where we're gonna
exchange webcams between two browsers.
We need to obtain the media stream, so
I'm going to say a ASQ getMediaStream.
Then once we've gotten the media stream
the next step, we need to send an offer.
>> Kyle Simpson: Is it .then or,
.seq [COUGH].
So we're going to send
the offer off to and
that's going to signal it down
to the Web socket server, and
then the next step is to receive
the remote SDP as the answer back.
So that's getting our answer back.
And finally,
we will call pipe(done) to indicate that
we're done with that particular stream.
So that's what the caller does.
He gets the media stream.
He then sends an offer and
he gets a remote stp, and then he's done.
Now the receiver has the same steps, but
he's gonna do things in
a slightly different order.
So the receiver needs to say ASQ dot.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
we're gonna do two things at once.
The gate allows us to do
two things in parallel.
We need to receive the RemoteSDP and
we need to get the media stream.
So ASQ().gate() allows us to do two or
more things at once.
So let's get the media
stream from the user.
>> Kyle Simpson: And let's also get
the remote STP in which we're waiting
on from the caller.
>> Kyle Simpson: And
then once we have both a media stream and
an STP then we are going
to send an answer.
And finally we will be done.
Okay, so
they both do basically the same task but
they do them in slightly different order.
And this is all fundamentally
an asynchronous set of things.
So without an asynchronous flow
control library to help make this look
somewhat reasonable that stuff
can get kind of complicated.
But what I wanna illustrate to you again
is the value of having a flow control
library that allows you to
express it in a nice clean way.
>> Kyle Simpson: So you getMediaStream,
sendOffer, getRemoteSDP back and
then we're done.
Get a media stream, get a remote STP,
send the answer, and then we're done.
All right, so
that is our HTML and our server.
Let's see how it works.
I'm gonna start up 11.server.js.
I'm gonna call local host.
For an 8006/11 and
I'm going to call local host for
8006/11.
Now both of them are prompted
me to ask me for my webcam.
That's because we're attempting to
establish a peer to peer connection.
So I'm gonna say allow on that side.
And I'm going to come over here and
say allow on this side.
And now they are establishing
a connection between each other.
Hopefully my live demo
isn't going to fail on us.
Should be showing us our camera.
Let me refresh, don't you love live demos.
>> Kyle Simpson: Come on.
>> Kyle Simpson: I might
have mistyped something.
So let me just make sure I'm not
missing something in terms of typing.
I'll stop it here and
instantiate it from the known good files.
>> Kyle Simpson: Hopefully
this demo doesn't break.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay.
>> Kyle Simpson: Great,
forgotten how to tell it's, okay.
Let's skip Chrome for a minute, let's
see if I can make it work in Firefox.
>> Kyle Simpson: Come on
how can both browsers fail.
>> Speaker 2: You might have had
the other one open in Firefox,
trying to connect to it.
>> Kyle Simpson: It could be.
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Kyle Simpson: The beauties
of live demos.
All right, start the server one more time.
We'll give it one more chance.
>> Kyle Simpson: It's not prompting for
the media stream.
>> Kyle Simpson: There we go.
So now I'm transmitting these back and
forth now obviously you can't really
see how the transmission going back and
forth is different but if this was between
you and I you could see the difference.